README.md, before:

# The Biafran History
The Biafran History is a site that hopes to help people learn about the history of Biafra, the event that took place during the war, Timeline, key events, and leadership. The inspiration for this website came from the little to no Teachings of the History of  Biafra in the educationals sectors especially for people who came from this linage.

![homepage image](/assets/images/homepage-image.webp)

[View the Biafra-history project here](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)

- Section-two, the Biafran anthem
- - This section shows the lyrics of the biafra anthem.
- - It shows an audio of the anthen to compliment the lyrics.

![the biafra nation anthem image](/assets/images/anthem-image.webp)

- Footer
- - Links to the social media will open in a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
- - It is valuable to the user as it gives them an easy contact option via social media.

![footer image](/assets/images/footer-image.webp)

- The Sign Up page
- - This page describes in clear details the actions that a user will take.
- - It allow users to choose a package, sign up for it, in oder to gets updates on the latest news on Biafra .
- - The user can choose a daily, weekly or monthly plan to sign up for.

![signup-page-image](/assets/images/signup-page-image.webp)
# Table of Contents
## User Experience 
- ####  User Stories
## Features
- #### Existing Features
## Features Left to Implement
## Design
## Technologies Used
## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
## Testing
- #### Validation Results
- #### Manual Testing
- #### Lighthouse Report
## Deployment and local development
- ####  GitHub Pages
- ####  Forking the GitHub Repository
- ####  Local Clone
## Credits
## Acknowledgements

# User Experience (UX)
this website is meant to attract people who wishes to learn about the rich history the of Biafra land.
there is clear navigation and a form set up on the sign-up page to stay updated with the latest happening.
## User Stories
- ### First-time visitor goals

- - Understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the history of Biafra.

- - Easily navigate throughout the site.

- - Find the Sign Up form and fill it out.

### Returning visitor goals

- Find out information about the History.

- Locate contact information.

- Review the site's extensive gallery.

### Frequent user goals

- Check if there are any new information to get updated with in the sign-up form.

- Review the gallery for any new photos

# Features

- ## Exiting Features
- ### Navigation bar
- - Feautured on all three pages, which includes links to the Home Page, Gallery and sign up pages with full responsive navigation and is the same through out the pages for easy navigation.

- - This section allows user to navigate easily from one page to the other across all devices without needing to go back to the previous page using the back button.
### Main heading
#Gallery 

Wireframes

- Pen and paper in a notebook: simple and effective.

# Technologies Used
### [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
### [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)

# Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
### [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/)
>>To write the code.
### [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
>>for vesion control.
### [Github](https://github.com/)
>>Deployment of the website and storing the files online.
### [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
>>Import main font the website.
### [Am I Responsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive)
>>Mockup picture for the README file.
# Testing
The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no errors.
>>[The W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)  
[W3C CSS Validator](https://validator.w3.org)


# Validation results
index.html
gallery.html
sign-up.html
form-received.htmml
style.css
# Manual Testing
- The website was tested on Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera browsers.

-  The website was viewed on a desktop computer, laptop, and Samsung Galaxy A52 mobile phone.

- A large amount of testing was done to ensure links between pages are working correctly on all pages.

- Family and friends were asked to review the website for a better understanding of the user experience.

- Dev Tools was used to test how the site looks on various screen sizes.
# Lighthouse Report
### Mobile analysisn
Home Page
Gallery
Sign Up
Application Received
### Desktop analysis
Home Page
Gallery
Sign Up
Application Received


# Deployment and local development
>GitHub Pages
GitHub Pages used to deploy live version of the website.

1. Log in to GitHub and locate GitHub Repository [Biafran history](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)
2. At the top of the Repository(not the main navigation) locate "Settings" button on the menu.
3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate "GitHub Pages".
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown menu "None" and select "Main" and click "Save".
5. The page will automatically refresh.
6. Scroll back to locate the now-published site [link](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html) in the "GitHub Pages" section.

# Forking the GitHub Repository
By forking the repository, we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and change without affecting the original repository by using these steps:

1. Log in to GitHub and locate GitHub Repository [Biafran history](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)
2. At the top of the Repository(under the main navigation) locate "Fork" button.
3. Now you should have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.
## Local Clone
1. Log in to GitHub and locate GitHub Repository [Biafran history](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)
2. Under the repository name click "Clone or download"
3. Click on the code button, select clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI and copy the link shown.
4. Open Git Bash
5. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
6. Type git clone and then paste The URL copied in the step 3.
7. Press Enter and your local clone will be created.

# Credits
## Code
- Understanding the concept of flexbox was learned through [Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

- The README template was helpfully provided by my mentor Mitko Bachvarov  [(template)](https://github.com/Thomas-Tomo/Lunar-Escape)
## Content
- All content was written by the developer.
- The Color contrast used for this website was inspired by the [biafran flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Biafra#:~:text=The%20flag%20of%20Biafra%2C%20used,sun%20over%20a%20golden%20bar.) colors.
## Media
[Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) free stock photos, royalty free images.
[Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/) free stock photos, royalty free images.
Canva to Resize images.

# Acknowledgements
My mentor Mitko Bachvarov provided helpful feedback and a link to the Flexbox guide.
Slack community for encouragement and information.
my friend Elijah Toochukwu David for being a great support

Commit message:

Add gallery and section images

README.md, after:

# The Biafran History
The Biafran History is a site that hopes to help people learn about the history of Biafra, the event that took place during the war, Timeline, key events, and leadership. The inspiration for this website came from the little to no Teachings of the History of  Biafra in the educationals sectors especially for people who came from this linage.

![homepage image](/assets/images/homepage-image.webp)

[View the Biafra-history project here](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)

Section-one
- - This section shows a background image which describes the land of Baifra
- - Biafra land symbolise a raising sun.
![background image](/assets/images/background-image.jpg)

Section-two
- - this section shows extensive description of sources to the rich history of biafra
- - it has links that opens on separate tabs showing vidoes and different resources.
![Biafran chronicles](/assets/images/chronicles.webp)

Section-three

- -  This section shows the image of the biafran flage.
- - This image is arranged differently according to screen sizes.
![Biafran flag](/assets/images/flage-image.webp)

Section-four, the Biafran anthem
- - This section shows the lyrics of the biafra anthem.
- - It shows an audio of the anthen to compliment the lyrics.

![the biafra nation anthem image](/assets/images/anthem-image.webp)

Footer
- - Links to the social media will open in a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
- - It is valuable to the user as it gives them an easy contact option via social media.

![footer image](/assets/images/footer-image.webp)

Gallery 

- The gallery provides the user with supporting images of the biafran war.
- This includes images of past and present leaders, biafran money and events of the biafran war.
![gallery photos](/assets/images/gallery-image.webp)

 
Sign Up page
- - This page describes in clear details the actions that a user will take.
- - It allow users to choose a package, sign up for it, in oder to gets updates on the latest news on Biafra .
- - The user can choose a daily, weekly or monthly plan to sign up for.

![signup-page-image](/assets/images/signup-page-image.webp)
# Table of Contents
## User Experience 
- ####  User Stories
## Features
- #### Existing Features
## Features Left to Implement
## Design
## Technologies Used
## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
## Testing
- #### Validation Results
- #### Manual Testing
- #### Lighthouse Report
## Deployment and local development
- ####  GitHub Pages
- ####  Forking the GitHub Repository
- ####  Local Clone
## Credits
## Acknowledgements

# User Experience (UX)
this website is meant to attract people who wishes to learn about the rich history the of Biafra land.
there is clear navigation and a form set up on the sign-up page to stay updated with the latest happening.
## User Stories
- ### First-time visitor goals

- - Understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the history of Biafra.

- - Easily navigate throughout the site.

- - Find the Sign Up form and fill it out.

### Returning visitor goals

- Find out information about the History.

- Locate contact information.

- Review the site's extensive gallery.

### Frequent user goals

- Check if there are any new information to get updated with in the sign-up form.

- Review the gallery for any new photos

# Features

- ## Exiting Features
- ### Navigation bar
- - Feautured on all three pages, which includes links to the Home Page, Gallery and sign up pages with full responsive navigation and is the same through out the pages for easy navigation.

- - This section allows user to navigate easily from one page to the other across all devices without needing to go back to the previous page using the back button.
### Main heading
#Gallery 

Wireframes

- Pen and paper in a notebook: simple and effective.

# Technologies Used
### [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
### [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)

# Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
### [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/)
>>To write the code.
### [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
>>for vesion control.
### [Github](https://github.com/)
>>Deployment of the website and storing the files online.
### [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
>>Import main font the website.
### [Am I Responsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive)
>>Mockup picture for the README file.
# Testing
The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no errors.
>>[The W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)  
[W3C CSS Validator](https://validator.w3.org)


# Validation results
index.html
gallery.html
sign-up.html
form-received.htmml
style.css
# Manual Testing
- The website was tested on Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera browsers.

-  The website was viewed on a desktop computer, laptop, and Samsung Galaxy A52 mobile phone.

- A large amount of testing was done to ensure links between pages are working correctly on all pages.

- Family and friends were asked to review the website for a better understanding of the user experience.

- Dev Tools was used to test how the site looks on various screen sizes.
# Lighthouse Report
### Mobile analysisn
Home Page
Gallery
Sign Up
Application Received
### Desktop analysis
Home Page
Gallery
Sign Up
Application Received


# Deployment and local development
>GitHub Pages
GitHub Pages used to deploy live version of the website.

1. Log in to GitHub and locate GitHub Repository [Biafran history](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)
2. At the top of the Repository(not the main navigation) locate "Settings" button on the menu.
3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate "GitHub Pages".
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown menu "None" and select "Main" and click "Save".
5. The page will automatically refresh.
6. Scroll back to locate the now-published site [link](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html) in the "GitHub Pages" section.

# Forking the GitHub Repository
By forking the repository, we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and change without affecting the original repository by using these steps:

1. Log in to GitHub and locate GitHub Repository [Biafran history](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)
2. At the top of the Repository(under the main navigation) locate "Fork" button.
3. Now you should have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.
## Local Clone
1. Log in to GitHub and locate GitHub Repository [Biafran history](https://adimserious.github.io/biafra-history-pp1/index.html)
2. Under the repository name click "Clone or download"
3. Click on the code button, select clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI and copy the link shown.
4. Open Git Bash
5. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
6. Type git clone and then paste The URL copied in the step 3.
7. Press Enter and your local clone will be created.

# Credits
## Code
- Understanding the concept of flexbox was learned through [Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

- The README template was helpfully provided by my mentor Mitko Bachvarov  [(template)](https://github.com/Thomas-Tomo/Lunar-Escape)
## Content
- All content was written by the developer.
- The Color contrast used for this website was inspired by the [biafran flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Biafra#:~:text=The%20flag%20of%20Biafra%2C%20used,sun%20over%20a%20golden%20bar.) colors.
## Media
[Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) free stock photos, royalty free images.
[Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/) free stock photos, royalty free images.
Canva to Resize images.

# Acknowledgements
My mentor Mitko Bachvarov provided helpful feedback and a link to the Flexbox guide.
Slack community for encouragement and information.
my friend Elijah Toochukwu David for being a great support
